hello how about youtube friends in this
I'll show you how to install what
what is Whatsapp
on an ipod or ipad like many of you
you know this application is designed
only for what are telephones
mobile on this occasion would be for the
iphone what is the apple
I've been going to work for you
if they have a simple or simple phone
only for what it is to call or
sending messages will work for them now
that to install it you need a
phone to which they will send a
activation code first we do not have
have the jailbreak installed and we're going
to open what is Syria
we have to wait for him to charge for
avoid mistakes and once you have
finished loading we're going to go to
search for
and here we are going to write watts covenant as
we can see and before an installed there is no
that add none replenishes anything
we only look for what is watts pad
and here they will give you a say install
I appear to modify because I already
I have it installed but you are going to
seem to install once done that they will
have to
and install some
some application of that idea to be able
install whatsapp what can be my
be
there is pastor 25 plan or the one that you
like
once done that install whatsapp
and they are going to open it
this to you is the first time that
open they're going to this
to look like a
a welcome screen and it's going to
look like a small space in which
they will enter their phone number
this
and two options will appear if
they want them to talk to them or send them
a message I recommend the message
since it is safer
since in the call they have to grab
a paper to write the number who is
message the only thing they can do is
copy and paste the confirmation number
Once done, they can use what they
is the whatsapp on your ipod or ipad I hope
the design worked is quite simple
as you can see
this
It works the same as if it were an iphone
but the only difference is that they are not going to
being able to call from the block is whatsapp
you have the option to call the telephone number
the other person but they will not be able to
to do is the only difference I hope them
has served and until next time
bye